Update access token scope (#39)
GovTechSG/techpass-tenant-docs: docs/apis/integration.md

  ]
}
```
## Change In Access Token Scope
We will be implementing a change to the `scope` parameter in the request for access token. You are required to change the `scope` parameter value from `https://graph.microsoft.com/.default` to `{automation_api_endpoint}/.default` (refer to [Endpoints](#Endpoints) for the Automation API Endpoints). 

> To ease the transition, this change will be backward compatible (i.e. we will continue to accept access token with `scope` value of `https://graph.microsoft.com/.default`) for **2 months** from the Change Effective Date, after which this will become a breaking change where only `{automation_api_endpoint}/.default` will be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ease the transition, this change will be backward compatible (i.e. we will continue to accept access token with `scope` value of `https://graph.microsoft.com/.default`) for **2 months** from the Change Effective Date. This will become a breaking change after that period, where only `{automation_api_endpoint}/.default` will be accepted.
```
